---
layout: post
title: "Blog Update: Starting a Big Project"
date: 2022-08-19 -0000
---
Hello, 

Its been a long time since I updated this page. It has been a journey since my last post and with so many things happening, Im finally glad I finally found time this christmas to update the website before the year ends.

This year has been great to me. I discovered a lot of things, saw good improvements in myself, and have a better idea of where I wish to head in life. 

On the work side, I found so many new things this year end. Blockchain development and working as a contributor to smaller startups seems to be the new thing I am going to be doing on the side for some time now. This has lead me not only to study about blockchain but also a lot of web development in general, can't say I hated it. On work side, I don't have much of worries. I feel like I will be able to manage to bag either an off-campus offer, or just stick to my PPO and be a data scientist in Microsoft. I only need to keep myself busy and do stuff to find happiness and money should'nt be a worry either. I do have to plan out a good bit if I plan to pursue Data Science academically, i.e. plan for masters and road path etc, but I have faith that too will happen in time, and I shall be prepared. Other than that, I am looking at a 8.0 > GPA passing my college by next year and while that is not the best, that should still suffice for my future plans.

Now for the Project, The recent surge in indie games has brought back my love for game development, to the point that I wish to work on something big myself. While I know my place and know how difficult it is to build a big game, I still want to try once, and this time with the best of my knowledge. I think I want to build a Survival Horror Game (possible multiplayer) with focus on the environment and atmosphere. This I plan without much thought of what the setting would be, ie. I have a feeling this would change over the course of my game making. A suggestion of my dear sibling was that I try making a Survival Horror game where one could choose their own setting, meaning that a player could make up his own setting or be able to choose from a given set. This I believe would be a much bigger task, however since I will start with the player and inventory system anyways, I can still plan for this. I will be using Godot 4 (while I write this it is in beta 10) since it has caught my fancy for some time. I could use a bigger game engine for this (UE4/5) or so but I strongly support open source projects, and I have the most knowledge of godot anyways. 

Let me know at my mailing address if you are interested to get updates of the making of this game. I plan to update this site more often from now on.

Till next time, Merry Christmas :).